BlackJack General Algorithm

To wager for two players and a dealer in BlackJack, I will first create a class so that I can create x amount of players.
In this class, I will set it so that the person can input the amount of players that want to play the game instead of just 2.
This class will have a wager action, an amount of money they have left, and a starting amount of cash that they have.

For the dealer, I will need to make an object that will allow the dealer to the do the same as well as shuffle and deal.

How the game should work out:

Inputs:
	Players will input the amount of players, their name, and money they want to wager.
Outputs:
	1) outputs will include the total that each person has the value of cards that each player has.
	2) outputs will also display if a person has busted (automatic out) and will also compare their value to other players.
	3) output the amount of money to the winning player.

What is the condition of the main loop? When does it stop?
	The condition of the main loop is a loop that runs and checks to see if the players hit 0 and if they are eliminated or not.
	When all players are elimited with the exception of one, the remaining player wins.

How do you figure out who has won?
	To figure out who has one, they have to be the last person standing without the value of 0 in the game. So if the loop checks
	and there is only one person left in the game, the person has won. It will display the amount of money they have won.

How do you calculate earnings/losses per player?
	To calculate who has loss and earned, the program is to compare the values of their cards to each other in every
	single round in order to determine the winner. From this point, the amount wagered by each person is to be added
	onto the total of the winning person and subtracted from the total amount of money from the losing players.

How would your algorithm change to accomodate more than 2 players?
	To change the program to create more than two players, as mentioned above, I will create a class that will create the amount
	of people in the game where the person can input their name and the amount of money they have. The program would
	continue to reepat the same functions as mentioned above by comparing the card values and the money they have.

Here are some error conditions that should be addressed in the program:
	1) inserting money should be a double with numbers only. No symbols at all.
	2) money should not be a fraction, variable, or char.
	3) you cannot wager a negative value

